[![](img/tipsg blue logo.png)](/)

  * [Home](/)

  * [About Us](about_us.php)
  * [Courses](courses.php)
  * [Scholarships](scholarships.php)
  * [Partners](partner.php)
  * [Franchise](franchise.php)
  * [OJT](ojt.php)

Get Career Consultation

Get a Free Career Consultation by Industry Experts, Today!

Submit

#  **Secure your job  
after 12th**

TIPS-G stands as India's pioneering platform for practical skill development
and early career advancement, effectively bridging the gap between traditional
classroom education and a practical approach to achieving personal success.

Know More  [Download Brochure ](https://tipsg.in/img/Broucher Final1.pdf)

Get a Free Career Consultation by Industry Experts, Today!

Submit

## Why to choose TIPS-G?

### 100%

Practical Knowledge

### 100%

Skill Development

### 100%

Placement Guarantee

Know More

## TIPS-G - A Revolutionary Training Program

  

![](img/MACHINE LEARNING.png    )

TIPS-G introduces an industry-ready training program in Jaipur, providing
students with hands-on experience in high-demand fields such as software
development, blockchain, AI engineering, cybersecurity, digital marketing,
UIUX engineering, and [cloud computing.](cloud-computing-training.php )  
  
Diverging from conventional degree programs, TIPS-G presents a revolutionary
100% hands-on training initiative led by industry experts. Partnering with the
esteemed software company, [WE RNS IT Solutions Pvt](https://globalrns.com )
Pvt Ltd, this program prepares students for the dynamic landscape of the tech
industry. Experience the future with TIPS-G's comprehensive industry-ready
training program in Jaipur.

## 100% Hands-On Industry-Ready Training

  

At TIPS-G, discover a comprehensive IT Training Institute & Internship in
Jaipur, providing 100% hands-on industry-ready training. Learn from seasoned
experts, including full-stack developers, AI engineers, cybersecurity
specialists, blockchain experts, and UI/UX designers.  
  
Our program is meticulously designed to empower students with the essential
skills and knowledge required to thrive in the dynamic tech industry. Enroll
with TIPS-G after the 12th grade and embark on a three-year training journey,
ensuring readiness for 100% placements with lucrative opportunities up to 25
LPA. Experience the pinnacle of IT training and internship in Jaipur with
TIPS-G.

![](img/Helping Growth.png )

## Areas of specialization in high demand Field

  

![](img/brain.png )

Explore a leading IT training institute in Jaipur offering specialized courses
in software development (PHP, Laravel, React, MERN Stack, Android, iOS,
vue.js, and other advanced framework full-stack software developers), [
blockchain development,](bca-blockchain-course.php) AI engineering,
cybersecurity, [ digital marketing,](digital-marketing-course-in-jaipur.php)
UIUX Engineering, and [Cloud Computing,](cloud-computing-training.php )  
  
Immerse yourself in our meticulously crafted training programs aimed at
enabling students to gain proficiency in these high-demand areas and emerge as
experts in their chosen fields. Elevate your skills at the forefront of
technology with our comprehensive IT training institute in Jaipur.

## Earn while Learning with TIPSG

  

![](img/POST 1 \(2\).png)

TIPS-G provides students with opportunities to earn money while studying. In
the third year, students work as an intern and earn a monthly scholarship of
up to INR 15,000 while graduating with an A grade+ accredited by NAAC
University.  
  
The TIPSG program provides students with hands-on experience and helps them
acquire valuable skills that they can use in their future careers.

##  Courses Available

[ View All >](courses.php)

![...](v3/img/img/try1.png)

Requirements

__

Students must be 12th pass from a State or Centre recognized School.

__

There should be no Criminal record for the student.

[ Know More  ]( bca-data-analysis-course.php)

![...](v3/img/img/try.2.png)

Requirements

__

Students must be 12th pass from a State or Centre recognized School.

__

There should be no Criminal record for the student.

[ Know More  ](bca-cyber-security-course.php)

![...](v3/img/img/try.7.png)

Requirements

__

Students must be 12th pass from a State or Centre recognized School.

__

There should be no Criminal record for the student.

[ Know More  ](bca-blockchain-course.php)

![...](v3/img/img/try.5.png)

Requirements

__

Students must have a Bachelor’s Degree from a UGC Recognized University.

__

There should be no Criminal record for the student.

[ Know More  ](mca-machine-learning-course.php)

![...](v3/img/img/try.cloud.png)

Requirements

__

Students must have a Bachelor’s Degree from a UGC Recognized University.

__

There should be no Criminal record for the student.

[ Know More  ](mca-cloud-computing-course.php)

## Career opportunities with TIPS-G

140 + Career Fields

24 + Specialization

40 + Industries

__ Software Engineer

Data Scientist

Network Engineer

Game Developer

Block Chain Developer

AI/ML Engineer

Cyber Security Expert

__ Software Engineer

Data Scientist

Network Engineer

Game Developer

Block Chain Developer

AI/ML Engineer

Cyber Security Expert

__ Software Engineer

![](img/usage.png) Data Scientist

Network Engineer

Game Developer

Block Chain Developer

AI/ML Engineer

Cyber Security Expert

__ Software Engineer

 Data Scientist

Network Engineer

![](img/Icon awesome-gamepad - Copy.png) Game Developer

![](img/Icon awesome-bitcoin.png) Block Chain Developer

![](img/Icon awesome-brain.png) AI/ML Engineer

![](img/Icon material-security.png) Cyber Security Expert

__ Software Engineer

![](img/usage.png) Data Scientist

![](img/Repeat Grid 2 - Copy.png) Network Engineer

![](img/Icon awesome-gamepad - Copy.png) Game Developer

![](img/Icon awesome-bitcoin.png) Block Chain Developer

![](img/Icon awesome-brain.png) AI/ML Engineer

![](img/Icon material-security.png) Cyber Security Expert

__ Software Engineer

![](img/usage.png) Data Scientist

![](img/Repeat Grid 2 - Copy.png) Network Engineer

![](img/Icon awesome-gamepad - Copy.png) Game Developer

![](img/Icon awesome-bitcoin.png) Block Chain Developer

![](img/Icon awesome-brain.png) AI/ML Engineer

![](img/Icon material-security.png) Cyber Security Expert

## Scholarship Programmes

![...](img/Group 1438.png)

__

कृषि Scholarship: Upto 35% wave off directly for the students belonging to
agricultural background.

[ Check Eligibility](scholarships.php)

![...](img/Group 1422.png)

__

बेटी पढ़ाओ Scholarship: Female students a have flat 30% off with this
scholarship.

[ Check Eligibility](scholarships.php)

![...](img/Group 1431.png)

__

Defence Scholarship: Candidate belonging to the family of central or state
defence services can have 25% off with this scholarship.

[ Check Eligibility](scholarships.php)

![...](img/Group 1421.png)

__

RNS-TAT Scholarship: Get upto 90% off by applying the RNS-TAT(Talent
Acquisition Test).

[ Check Eligibility](scholarships.php)

## Image Gallery

![...](pooran \(2\).png)

![...](pooran.png)

![...](img/Group 1.png)

![...](img/Group 4 \(4\).png)

![...](img/DSC01271 1 \(1\).png)

![...]( gajju.jpg       )

![...](gajju1.jpg)

![...](img/p10.png)

## **Still Confused about your Career Path ?**

Get a free career consultation from our  
experts, today!

Submit

## Hear it from our students

[ __ ](https://api.whatsapp.com/send?phone=7023340831)

Book Your Free Career Counselling, NOW

Free Counselling

![](img/off-modified.png)

##### **__Head Office(Jaipur)**

[ +91 7020609101](tel:+91 7020609101)

* * *

Chanda Tower, Girnar Colony, Gandhi Path Road, Vaishali Nagar, Jaipur - 302021

![](sss.jpeg-modified.png)

##### **__Kotputli / Bansur**

[ +91 9251683611](tel:+91 9251683611)

* * *

Sanjivni Hospital Road, Rao complex Ward no. 14, 2nd Floor, Kotputli-303108

![](img/set.jpeg-modified.png   )

##### **__Alwar**

[ +91 9251683612](tel:+91 9251683612)

* * *

B-7, Bhagat Singh Circle, Front of Naveen School, Locality-Kailash Colony,
Alwar-301001

* * *

![](img/Group1.png)

__

[info@tips.in](tel:702 334 0831)

__

[+91 7020609101](tel:702 334 0831)

[ Home](index.php) [ About Us](about_us.php) [ Courses](courses.php) [ OJT
(On-Job Training)](ojt.php) [Digital Marketing](digital-marketing-course-in-
jaipur.php) [ AWS Certified Cloud Architect](aws-certified-training.php) [ Red
Hat Certified System Administrator](redhat-rhcsa-training.php) [ React
Native](react-native-Certification-training.php) [ Web Developer](website-
development-course-in-jaipur.php) [Android App Developer ](app-development-
course-in-jaipur.php) [DevOps](devOps-Certification-training.php) [ Cloud
Computing](cloud-computing-training.php) [ PHP/Laravel developer](php-laravel-
developer-training.php) [ cyber Security ](hacking-course-in-jaipur.php) [ Ios
App Developer Training ](ios-developer-training.php) [ Iot Developer Training
](iot-training.php)

[ Courses](courses.php) [ B.C.A ( Bachelors of Computer Application)]( bca-
data-analysis-course.php) [ B.B.A ( Bachelors in Business
Administration)](courses.php) [ M.C.A ( Master of Computer  
Application )](courses.php) [ M.C.A ( Master of Computer  
Application )](courses.php) [Scholarships](Scholarships.php) [Krishi
Scholarship](scholarships.php) [Beti padhao Scholarship ](scholarships.php)
[Defence Scholarship](scholarships.php) [RNS-TAT
Scholarship](scholarships.php)

[Submit Feedback](https://tipsg.in/thankyou.html)

Follow Us :

[ __](https://www.instagram.com/tipsgindia/)[
__](https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100083433874050)[
__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/tips-g-get-guaranteed-placements/)[
__](https://www.youtube.com/@tipsg2031)

[ Privacy Policy ](PrivacyPolicy.html) [ Terms &
Conditions](TermsConditions.html)

[ Refund policy ](Refundpolicy.html)

[ Digital Marketing Course in Jaipur ](digital-marketing-course-in-jaipur.php)

[ Software Development Course in Jaipur](Software-development-course-in-
jaipur.php)

[ Hacking Course in Jaipur ](hacking-course-in-jaipur.php)

2022-23 TIPS-G Education | All Rights Reserved | Designed and Developed by We RNS IT Solutions Pvt. Ltd.

Maid id for all further information and contact info: info@tipsg.in 

google map address of main office of TIPS-G: https://www.google.com/maps/place/We+RNS+IT+Solutions+Pvt+Ltd/@26.9053004,75.7437439,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m6!3m5!1s0x396db54ab0ae38d5:0xe7c78760278058ed!8m2!3d26.9053004!4d75.7463188!16s%2Fg%2F11kwsmwgwz?hl=en-US&entry=ttu

